Add references to supported abbreviations to be used in MQTT discovery messages (#43050)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mqtt.markdown

}
```

{% note %}

> A list with supported abbreviations [can be found here](/integrations/mqtt/#supported-abbreviations-in-mqtt-discovery-messages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see what each abbreviation stands for, refer to the [list of supported abbreviations in MQTT discovery messages](/integrations/mqtt/#supported-abbreviations-in-mqtt-discovery-messages).
```
Rephrased the link text to make it clearer where it goes. Feel free to rephrase.

}
```

{% note %}

> A list with supported abbreviations [can be found here](/integrations/mqtt/#supported-abbreviations-in-mqtt-discovery-messages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see what each abbreviation stands for, refer to the [list of supported abbreviations in MQTT discovery messages](/integrations/mqtt/#supported-abbreviations-in-mqtt-discovery-messages).
```
